---
layout:     post
title:      HuTong
subtitle:   胡同的简单介绍
date:       2020-11-08
author:     BY
header-img: img/post-bg-cook.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - ios
---







# Hutong introduction



**Helloeveryone, Welcome to the third and final task in Beijing virtual tour. I am Amufrom TCS in Beijing.**



Nowthat you finished watching an aerial view of Beijing and few famous locations,let me directly take you to the next task, which is to introduce Hutongculture.  Beijing is a unique city forits Hutongs, many of which are still restored and maintained well even today. 

 

**I amnow gonna take you deep into old Beijing to get a glimpse into the past and seewhat Beijing was like through the centuries and how perfectly it combinesancient history and modern development.**

 

**So,let us start with basics. What do i mean by Hutong. H-U-T-O-N-G. Hutongs are atype of narrow street or alley commonly associated with northern Chinesecities, especially Beijing. In Beijing, hutongs are alleys formed by lines ofsiheyuan - traditional courtyard residences. Many neighborhoods were formed byjoining one siheyuan to another to form a hutong, and then joining one hutongto another. The word hutong is also used to refer to such neighborhoods.**

 

It maybe wrong to interpret Hutongs to slums. There is evidence in history tounderstand that Hutongs are well-maintained residential locations, where notonly poor but also middle-class common people of various professions lived andorganized themselves as communities. 

 

Mostof the Beijing Hutongs were laid out hundreds of years ago during the Ming andQing dynasty eras (from 14th century till 19th century).Some of it are still retained, modified as tourist spots to portray traditionalChinese culture and lifestyle from the past. In modern times, visiting aBeijing hutong for shopping, dining, and experiencing the street life is a wayto get in touch with the everyday people and experience the daily life ofpeople in Beijing 

 

**Inthe dynasty times, the large siheyuan of high-ranking officials and wealthymerchants often featured beautifully carved and painted roof beams and pillarsand carefully landscaped gardens.**

 

**So, walkingthrough a Hutong gives a feeling of walking through a park.**

 

**Thisplace where i am right now is very popular because of the overall atmosphere and,of course, because they are home to some of the best bars in the city.**

 

**Forme, one of the most favorite things to do in Beijing is to just pick a hutongentrance, go in and find a good bar to drink a beer.  In such Hutong bars, you will easily find newfriends. So, for those of you who are single and planning to visit Beijing innear future, make sure to visit one of the Hutongs.**

 

Withthat note, we come to end of the Beijing virtual tour. Hope all of you enjoyedthe beauty of Beijing and we welcome you to visit sometime. Over to you, CherryChen. 

**** 